Basapura Villa Railing	Metal Railing	We re-designed & Fabricated a metal railing for their villa. 
Boutique Display	metal showroom Display 	We fabricated and powder coated gold finish for a fashion boutique Display Stand. 
CNC Pergola in indiranagar	Pergola 	We re-designed the CNC pattern for a client. It was lazer cut and pre-fabricated and installed on site. 
Computer Table	Metal Furniture 	Metal frame Computer Table with finger joint pine wood top. 
Concept Proposal	Pergola 	We Proposed a pergola design to a client with 3D design 
Dinning Table 	Metal Furniture 	We designed and fabricated a quarts Top dining table for an interior design company. 
Dr, Rashmi Villa Main Gate	Metal Gate 	Metal pipe frame main gate for a renovation project. we had to fabricate and deco painted onsite with wood grain finish. 
Hebbal Pergola 	Pergola 	It was a turnkey project we executed for a Landscaping company, it was a glass roof pergola. It was installed in terrace. 
Karan's Table	Metal Furniture 	Modular Metal Furniture for a DJ with better structural strength for his set-up. 
Kitchen 	Partition Wall 	We Installed a matel pipe partition wall for a cloud kitchen.
Metal Stands 	Metal Furniture 	Few metal frames that we fabricated for an interior design company.
Miscellaneous	Miscellaneous	Metal Fabrication work which we did across bangalore.
Namdev Warehouse	Industrial Warehouse	We design and executed a Metal industrial Structure for a client. From End to End solution.
		
Peenya Pergola 	Pergola 	Metal Pergola for a villa's Terrace. Turnkey Project. 
Pergola	Pegola 	Metal Pergola for a villa's Terrace. Turnkey Project. 
		
Project Purva Westend	Metal Furniture 	"Resin table: We Designed and fabricated a rasin table for an interior design firm with metal frames to support the top.
TV UNit :Metal pipe frame with black powder coated. Exterior with finger jointed pine wood for industrial design theme.  
Open Shelve Rack: Metal Open shelves for an interior design firm which was fabricated , black powder coated and installed on site."
Zolo Stay's Puff sheet structure 	Metal Structure 	We designed and executed a puff roof structure for a reputed company it was an End to end solution.  